remove tiflash sm4 encryption support (#10520)
pingcap/docs: encryption-at-rest.md

### TiFlash

> TiFlash supports encryption at rest. Data keys are generated by TiFlash. All files (including data files, schema files, and temporary files) written into TiFlash (including TiFlash Proxy) are encrypted using the current data key. TiFlash currently only supports to transparently encrypt data files using AES in CTR mode, and does not support SM4 encryption algorithm temporarily. The related encryption configuration items (in the `tiflash-learner.toml` file), and the meanings of monitoring metrics are consistent with those of TiKV.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TiFlash supports encryption at rest. Data keys are generated by TiFlash. All files (including data files, schema files, and temporary files) written into TiFlash (including TiFlash Proxy) are encrypted using the current data key. TiFlash currently only supports transparent data encryption using AES in CTR mode, and does not support SM4 encryption algorithm. The related encryption configuration items (in the `tiflash-learner.toml` file), and the meanings of monitoring metrics are consistent with those of TiKV.
```
